Hello everyone, in this video we are going to see about 12 bonds So we need to know what are the 12 bonds and what are the things that we need to know So we need to understand the 12 bonds and the 12 things that we need to know Generally speaking, if you are a kadaka or a rasi , the first is your second , third , fourth , fifth , sixth , seventh , eighth , ninth , tenth , eleventh , twelfth , twelfth So generally, the world and the world are the same. So your Rashi and Lakhanam are the same. So the Kadaka Rashi and Dhanush Rashi are the same. The Lakhanam Rashi is the same. So you have to look at the 12 bhavathams. First we look at the world as one. So the first bhavam is our state of mind, thought, and time. The Lord is walking, our head is beautiful. So the problems that come to us are the first bhavams. Second bhavam is money, family, words, eyes, family members, the people at home, the initial education, the facial care, the family members, the problems that come with it, the new members in the family, the wife, the child, the food, everything comes. So the second bhavam is the good things that come with it. So the second bhavam is the good things that come with it. So the second bhavam is the positivity. The third bhavam is the question. Each person has different things, like siblings, brothers, so the brothers should have the third bhavam. For example, if we travel 100 km from here to there, we have communication, radio, check, tabal, courage, victory, the parents, the broker, the party, the press, the media, all these things come in search of the third bhavam. The fourth bhavam is the mother. So we should always look at the fourth bhavam. So this is a general concept. I am telling you 2611 582. I am telling you so that you can understand the rest. This is a bhavam that we can see for humans. The fourth bhavam is the mother. If we look at the mother, we can see the fourth bhavam. So the fourth bhavam is the mother, education, the vehicles, the property, the house, the cows, the animals, the crops, the home, the land, the canals, the fields, the natural resources, all of our own business, all of it comes in the fourth bhavam. The main thing is the mother. If we want to see the mother, we should see her. So the fifth is the main thing. If we want to see our children, grandparents, love, we should look at the fifth bhavam. If we want to see love, how much I love, if I can marry the person I love, we should see the fifth bhavam. The forefathers, mind, fortune, god of family, god of love, cinema, politics, music, poetry, magic, prayer, research, education, stomach, stock exchange, gambling, everything comes in the fifth bhavam. So even if there are five, we should see them and do this. So the sixth. The sixth is negative for people. How? Illness, lack of education, long term marriage ban. So the sixth is long term marriage ban, physical work, working hard, back pain, other people's goods, marriage, temporary income. So the sixth is negative for people. Enemies, authorities, enemies will increase. If you have more than one property, the sixth bhavam will be indicated. So the seventh bhavam. So we should have two things in the seventh bhavam. One is our wife, second is our business partner. These two are the main. So we don't use this much for the stock. Because two sixes are five eights. So we use that mainly. So in the sixth bhavam, we can see our wife, partner, and also the things that are a great sin for our children. The things like the nirvartisthana, siruneeragam, tamapathyam, the things that are associated with them. These things will go deep inside. So where is the thief? Who will come to our business? Who will come to see the second child? These will be the seven. The main thing you will know is the business partner. So eight. Always the eighth bhavam. If you see too much, the negativity is too much. That is the eighth bhavam. I have already said that five eights are not enough. So the first thing is, you can have all the mental abilities you want. Like oil, shame, going out, bad habits, falling down from a very high place, doing this and that, a little bit of oil, the problem of our wealth, our wealth being stolen by others, getting caught by the law, getting caught by the law, causing trouble, not getting the blessings of God, God's grace, suicide, suicide, bribery, all these things, all these things can happen in a short time. All these things are negative. So keep all these things in mind. The eighth bhavam is the loss. The loss of your business, your mental problems, your suicide thoughts, the main thing is the loss. The loss is caused by this. So comparing to our market. So the ninth bhavam. The ninth is our father. As my mother said, the ninth is our father. The second is the wife. If you have a second wife, it means if we look at the ninth bhavam, we know that we have a second wife. So wealth, fortune, wealth, they will give birth to a son. So if you look at the ninth bhavam, it will show. So the flight, the temple, the church, the mosque, the cell phone, all these things, the family, will come in the ninth bhavam. The tenth bhavam is praise, the child, the social well-being. So what you have to do is to do a good medical service, to do a good medical service. You will be in the business that people like to do. For example, you can be in a TV show. So if a serial hit happens, you will get a lot of things. So that will come in the tenth bhavam. So in the tenth bhavam, all these things will come in the good things. 

The last is the eleventh and twelfth. The eleventh is the eleventh. So the eleventh is profit, profit, profit. You will always have profit. This is the eleventh bhavam. Whenever you want, you should think about profit. If you have the eleventh, you will have a lot of success. You will have money without investing. You will have success if you try. You will get a doctor's license. You will get a legal license. You will get cured immediately So the more negativity you have in your life, the more positivity you will have. This is the eleventh bhavam. In the eleventh bhavam, you will have a guru named chukran. You will progress very quickly. You can see many examples. If it happens suddenly, you will have a lot of luck. It is not like you have luck here. In the eleventh bhavam, you will have a great success. That is the thing. So the eleventh is full of positive. You will be happy. There will be no obstacles. If there are obstacles, you will be happy. If you get a loan, you will have a lot of fun. You will be happy. You will be happy. In the eleventh bhavam, it is full of profit. In the eight bhavam, it is 70%. In the eight bhavam, it is full of health, it is money that is being spent, people who are out of their body, all the things that are clean, all the things that are dirty, things that are unknown to others, it is secret. Secretly planning, for political reasons, it is all 12. 12 is also negativity. So 12, 

8, 5. So it is also negativity. 2, 6, 11. Positivity. So from where do I see the first bhavam and the second bhavam? I will tell you clearly. You can see from your horoscope. You can see from your horoscope. If you want to see the people as astrologers, from your horoscope, that is, if someone has a Dhanush Lakanam, Dhanush Lakanam is the first bhavam. So you have already seen the video on how to predict the Rasi and how to find the Lakanam. So Chandranindranachattaram Rasi, so when it is flying, it will have a line or a line. Where it is, that is the Lakanam. Lakanam is the life. From Lakanam, 1, 2, 3. That is the concept. The world itself is a table. So I gave a small explanation with this. So we need to know 2, 6, 11, 5, 8, 12. You will understand why I said that. So from that point, when Chandran goes, we get negativity. That is what we say. Chandran will be in a state for 2.5 days. Don't forget this. He will be in a state for 2.5 days. Okay? So this is the concept. To understand this, you should not go into 2 bases without understanding anything. So 2, 6, 11, profit 5, 8, 12 is negative. 8 is very negative. Okay? You are giving a presentation, so you are asking if I should buy this land. But it is not allowed. 8 is there. So what is the benefit of buying 8? So what is the loss of your mind? Will you buy that land? So it is given to apply in your general life. Okay? Now I am going, you are doing a small business. For example, you have a milk product. So you are giving a presentation. When you give a presentation, the answer is 2, 11. So, if you buy that product, your profit will be less. That is why I have explained the 12 sins. You can use this in your own life. If you have any doubts, you can look at the sins I have told you. Because I have explained it in a little haste. If you have 12 sins, I will be happy to help you. You can look at the 12 sins, and write down what is in the first and second sin. So, I have explained the world's thing. You should rise from your luck. If your luck is good, that is the first and second and third sin. Okay? So, this is the 12 sins. You can use this for your other business. For stock market, for shares, you can use 2, 6, 11, 5, 8, 12. So, I hope this video will be of great clarity to you. So, if you have any doubts, we will clear the review session. Thank you. 