K PC Chowe Greetings to all So what we are going to see in this section is mainly what you were expecting how the graph was drawn So we are going to see the same in this So why we have learnt so much before is because learning is a very very small thing we can't do the graph without knowing the method So 9 planets we have to see in the Tithi Karna Yogam but if we start the session you will understand better when you see from that So we will see how to do this in this section we will see how to do this if you finish watching this you can do the graph So the tools we need to position the market are Panjagam So Panjagam is where ever you want to be it will be in the shop before it was in the grocery shop now it is not there you can buy it in the shop where you can buy the things for the pooja So if you have the things for the pooja you can buy whatever panjagam you want So you can buy the things like this Srinivasan Panjagam So there are many such panjagams you can see in English, Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam it is available in all languages So this is the panjagam we are going to use with that tool we can do this we will see how to put the chart manually in this video So in this place you will know everything if you have any doubts you can recall it So for example we will take the 18th we will see what will happen on Wednesday Wednesday to position the market I will say it again with clarity we should take the moon why we are taking the moon because the moon is the mind of our people you are your your mind is the moon So many people without good mental state without good mental state they will leave it in the grave So in their horoscope the moon will be the first or the moon will be the second so their mind will not work So if you think their mind power is more the moon will be more strong So the one who controls the mind of all the people is the moon I will say it again without permission of the planet don't even move a head we can't do anything beyond the planet So these are the things my gurumars taught me everything is happening nothing is changed once you have taken a step you will know everything you will know everything So what we should do to trade intraday we should take the moon So if we take the moon we can see where the moon is and we can draw a graph So I have already explained that in a video So for intraday the moon is the sun for monthly prediction Jupiter yearly prediction we are doing intraday So we will do it with 3 moons 

So this is the panchangam from 5.30 in the morning If we want to see the market we should see 3 moons So how we see in this graph So the market is from 9.45 to 3.30 we divide it into 2 First half is 9.50 2nd half is 12.00 to 3.30 2nd half 12.00 to 3.30 we divide it into X and Y and see So we should see what the moon is doing So where the moon is is in the moon 13th So where the moon is is in the sun in the moon's star the star is in the sun 

So the sun is here the moon is here see here the moon is in the sun in the moon's star 

So what you should do from here from the moon you should calculate So calculate 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12 12 So the moon is behind the moon is behind the sun this is 29 degree this is 27 degree So from here the sun is in the 12 so the sun is in the 12 in the moon's star So we should calculate where the sun is from here so when we calculate it the sun is behind the moon so 12 So we can write So we can write 

3,x is the sun 

It is in the 12 So we can write 

So we have seen the first one from the moon's star that is the sun The second one is in the sun So we should see where the sun is The sun is in the sun So that is also 12 So that is also 12 So if we talk about the sun here we have Mercury or Mars So from here from the moon 1,2,3 Mars is here So we have to write 3 So from the sun that is also 12 

So this is also 12 So we can write 

So now we have x,y, moon moon is the star sun is the star So the star is the sun The star is also the sun So when we calculate from the moon you have 12 So when you have 12 you have sun 12 So that is why I told you before So you understood Now you will understand Now Venus, Sun, Moon, Moon, Mercury Mercury, Sun, Mercury Mercury, Sun, Moon, Mercury Mercury, K, sideways market This planet things are sideways So the sun is the sun is sideways So what number we have we have 12 Abhijaya house 12 is Beerus So sideways Beerus market So you understood Sideways Beerus Market means you need to sell every life That is the place we can take the graph So how is the market graph here 

12 is down 12 is down Sun is sideways So how is the market is 

sideways So we can't put it in a straight line We can put it in a straight line 

Sun is sideways Sun is sideways Sun is sideways 

Sun is sideways 

This is how the Market is going to look There is no need to change this 

So why is it that on the 13th and the upcoming 13th, the market is going to be like this? So you have put the chart of the market here. First of all, it is the second of all. Why we are saying this as an every day selling opportunity is because, Look at the planet here. Venus, Sun, Moon, Mercury, Quedas, sideways market planet. So the market is going to be sideways. So the market is going to be sideways. We are going to come here to see if it is upside or the other way round. If it is upside, then it will go down a little bit and then it will go up. If it is upside, then it will go down a little bit and then it will go up. We will see the particular time when it goes up and down in the next video. Till now you have known the overview of the market. So keep this as the general overview of the market. So this is the market of the 12th day. 

This is the market of the 12th day. For example, I will tell you. Now, this is the place. Now you can see that the Sun is going sideways. Now what is the Beerus planet? Mars, Sunny. Now you will have doubts in this place. Now, Moon. Okay. X. Mars. Okay. 12th day has come. Y planet. Keep that as Mars or Saturn. Okay. Now it has come. This is your prediction. If 12th day comes, it is a Beerus planet. So what will happen to the market? On that day, will the market be clear? This is X. This is Y. Okay. So, the reason for the difference between these two is this planet. Mars is a Beerus planet. Okay. Here, Sun is neutral. It is not in the middle. It is not in the top or bottom. This is the concept of Sun. Now, this is the Beerus planet. 12th day is in the downside. But you have to see what planet is coming. This is very important. Okay. We can discuss the examples in multiple ways. Main thing you need to know is, This is sideways planet. What will be the movement of the Beerus planet? When will it freeze? When will the upper freeze, lawyer freeze, lawyer circuit, everything will come? We will see in this. So, this is the overall market view. We have got it. We will see in the next part when it will go up and down. So, now we have seen in this. How to see the stocks? How to graph the stocks? Today, what we have got is, 12th day, Sun is in X and Y. I have told you to take care of your heart. Now, we are going to take the stocks where Sun is. Okay. Now, where is Sun? You take 50 stocks and 50-50 stocks. What are we going to do? Now, we are going to see. Okay. Now, we are going to see where is Sun? So, everything is there. No, Sun is there. Rahu-Sun is there. Cipla, medicine. So, there is Rahu plus Sun. Should we take it? Definitely not. What we have is Sun. When Rahu is coming, we should take it. Now, we should not take it. Now, what we can do is, for a general concept, for a general concept, some part, first half or second half, there will be coming at the down move. Okay. So, in this Cipla, there is a down move. Because Sun is there. But you can never position it correctly. Because Rahu is there. Okay. So, you should not take it. It is not because of the plus. You should see that Sun has some stocks. If Sun has some stocks, we can take those stocks. So, keep watching. Chukran, Chandran, Bhutan. Is there any planet? No. No. No. So, Maximum Sun. Rahu Sun is here. For medicine. Kethu, Guru Sun, Guru, Rahu Sun. See, it is here. So, Reliance. Reliance is Sun. Reliance is, you have Sun. Then, we need to sell the stocks as a Reliance in the Sun. So, what else is there in Sun? Shawa, Nectunes. Okay. So, the stocks we can do on the 12th is Reliance. So, what we are going to do is, 

Reliance stocks. 

We are going to see. Okay. 

Om. Om. 

Om. 

So, the stock's Beery Sun will be more. Why? Because, the stocks' planet is, I will show you Beery Sun. Reliance is, 

The market is like this. For you. 

Market is Reliance. What we need to do in the morning is, We can't buy Put-Options. Or, we can go and short the Reliance future. Okay. We need to take these stocks and do. If Tata Motors rises due to no relation, Reliance falls due to no relation, Reliance falls due to no relation, If HDFC falls due to no relation, The reason for the collapse is the planet. Okay. What is behind it? News, Fundamental, everything. This is the main thing. Okay. So, now, If we see what is happening on the 12th, You will know everything. Clarity. Okay. This is the thing. We need to take these stocks. We need to calculate like this. So, if you have doubts, See it once or twice. Before that, I will tell you one thing. If you put the Presanam and say okay, You need to take the entry. Similarly, for your Ras, For your Ras, When the moon goes in 5, 8, 12, I mean, when the moon is in a certain place, It will be there for 2.5 days. Next 2.5 days, 2.5 days, In the beginning, it is our first step. We should not miss it. Without seeing it, You should not go to the Presanam or trading. First checking, Where is your moon today? In your birth horoscope, In horoscope, Where is the moon for your Ras and Lakkana? If it is in 5, 8, 12, Then definitely, If you have done the prediction, If you have done the prediction, If you have done the prediction, You will definitely do something wrong. It will be lost. First, we need to check our profit. Then, we need to check where the moon is. Second, Presanam, We will do the prediction and then you can take the entry. Okay? If you see like this, For 10 days, You have an opportunity to take an entry. Or else, I will go to Reliance. Because, the sun is there. So, you can definitely go to Reliance. You can easily make money there. Okay? Many people will ask, I have done nothing wrong so far. Why are you not telling anything to the stocks? I have enough in this. Okay? So, now, Whatever you say about the stocks, If it is a breakout, It will be like that only. Now, if you have Reliance, Something will be in price action. If there is a breakout, If there is something like that only, If we go there, it will be correct. Technically. Or else, if you are Astro, You can go like this. Okay? See, how many opportunities are there. You can trade Nifty, Bank Nifty. You can do Reliance stock. So, when there is a market for 22 days, There is a push and pull. Whatever profit you get, I know that for 5 to 14 days, You will get some months 20 days. Okay? So, if you come to that place, You can easily make money and You can leave it free the next day. Okay? It is not a big deal. Mainly, what we see is, Okay, everything is known. Even if you don't give the present, Entry is taken. So, if you don't give the present, Then, can we go to the quarter side? Don't do that. Mainly, Work out. Add graphs. Analyze. We will trade like that. So, if it is over, It is not over yet. There is another part. So, we have done the overview. If I draw like this, If the market is like this, It will be like this. But, each candle will come. Okay? I can't draw like drawing in paint. I am telling you as an example. So, if you draw like this, It will be in the overview. If you take it, it will be there. But, if you put 2 to 3 candles down, One candle will go up. When it is like that, You have to see that. Okay? So, this is the quarter side. When you see, If you have any doubts, Look again for 2 times. I will explain one more. Moon is the star, Sun is the sun. Sun is the star, Sun is the star, So, from the moon, There are 12. So, if there are 12, If you have 5 or 8, If there are 12, It is Abhijaya house. It is in Berries. So, Berries view. For full day market, It is Berries only. But, what planet should we see? Jupiter Rahu. Jupiter Rahu. Mars Sunny. Mars Sunny. If it is there, You will see the Bullish Berries planet. Venus, Sun, Moon, Mercury, Mercury, Moon, Mercury, Mercury, This is the side ways market planet. So, side ways market planet means, For that, Every rice is selling opportunity. Take it. Go down a little. Then go up, down, up and down. Okay? So, this is the thing we need to know. Okay? Now, you have made a prediction. How to trade? For 9.15, 9.16, You have taken it. So, 12. Now, you are sitting in the morning. It is 9.15 now. You are making a prediction. So, Now, if I buy a put option in Bank Nifty, Will I get profit? So, If you put it, What will come? Yes, You will get profit. You have to close your eyes and go into the put option. And make a good profit. Easy. So, This is one thing. Reliance. So, today is sunny. So, Reliance is the main thing. In this place, In Reliance, If I sell the future, Will I get profit? You are making a prediction. It shows profit. You have to do it. You can do it very very easily. You are sitting in the morning. You have made a prediction. In a small mind, You pray to God. Pray to God as you like. Make a prediction. Take the entry. You know the miracle that can happen in this world. So, everything possible. Okay. With the wisdom of our Guru, We can do something for you. With my wisdom, You can do something. Practice it very very much. Practice it very very much. Practice it very very much. Trade it. Profit it. So, we will see the next part of this. If you have any doubts, We can clear it. Okay. I think this video has been useful for you. If you have any doubts, We can clear it. Thank you. 

Thank you. 