Welcome to all of you This is the final session of our graph prediction astrology course We have seen all the parts of the course We have seen all the parts of the course If I show you the whole thing in the exam, it will be very helpful So, we will see the final graph and the timing We will see the gap up and gap down First we will do the prediction with X and Y Then we will see the time and time out I will tell you how to do the prediction Take the Astro soft Take the time out, time out, time out, time out The time we have taken here will be after that For example, we will take June 1st We will take the time out and take the time out June 1st is the time out and the time out So, the time out is next day morning So, the time out is next day morning First, you have to see whether the sound is positive or negative First, you have to continuously write down the sound The sound is only one sound The sound is 4 to 8, then we can get the market The yoke is for the next day morning The horoscope will change only From 12.51 to 12.52, you have to write only two If you write one by one, it will be enough You have found the sound and the time out You have the PDF The time out is the sound The time out is positive The horoscope is the second one The horoscope is the third one You have the PDF You can see the horoscope If you see the horoscope, you can see the three things You have to see the three things First, the Aswini face, which is the horoscope of Kethu This is Rohini, this is Trivonam, this is Chandran, this is Punarpuzham, this is Guru Sunny, Puzham, Manusam, Uttradam Savai, Mrugaseeridam, Siddhri, Avitam So, Avitan is the horoscope Then, what is Savai's horoscope So, we have given in this Kethu is negative, Saturn is negative Mars is 60% negative, 40% positive So, write it like that Write 60% negative, 40% positive Ok So, what are we going to see next Yoga, Vaidurthi Is Vaidurthi positive or negative You can see that 

Where is Vaidurthi Here So, it is more positive, negative is more Ok So, next Pathirai and Bhavam, both are positive Ok, if you go and see, it is not there So, Bhavam, Saturn is positive And Saturn Only the last three days I have said negative Pathirai and Bhavam, both are positive When it is like that, you write everything Now, when you write, overall First is positive, Yoga is negative Pathirai is positive Ok, then Positive plus negative is same Ok, then What you wrote is Positive, 40, negative Ok Second is X, Y Now, what are we doing Moon and Saturn, both are Y Ok, now we write X, Y 

X is Mars Y is X and Mars So, Mars is near to Jupiter So, Mars is near to Jupiter Ok Now, you see X1 and Y1 are there X1 So, Mars is something else See Mercury is here, Venus is in two So, X1 is Mercury X2 

Venus 

Ok Now, Y is Jupiter See, if there is something in Jupiter Something else is here Only in Mars, there is Jupiter Now, Y should be calculated So, this time X will not come X1, Y1, then Y will be like Jupiter Right Right So Now, we have to calculate Now, X and Y We have to calculate from Moon X1, Y1, then from Planet So, X and Y1 You know how to calculate I will calculate it 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 So, Mercury is 9 Ok So, 

You are calculating Venus So, Mercury is 0 So, Mercury is 0 This is 3, so we have to calculate it This is 4 degree Venus So, up to this This is You have to 1, you have to get it See, we told you to calculate degree 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 

Now we will see the drawing Then you will understand So, 9 is the angle market 

Opposite side 

8 is the bearish 

So this is the angle market and this is the abajaya house So this shows the bottom Jupiter is the bullies So in the first half itself there are two divisions So how do we draw So wait, I will show you 

So, you have to divide it into two divisions So this is the angle What happens in the opposite side This is the pure way 

So when there is bearish What happens? It goes up from the opening 

Ok guys? Then Venus is 8 Then bearish comes down 

Ok guys, then Jupiter It ends at 12, Jupiter is the bullies So now you have to Go up with green color 

So this is the market graph Ok guys? When you draw in paint You can see the graph of the market Now how to apply the timing So what is this? So this is the day June 1 is Tuesday So what do you do on Tuesday? What does the rule say about Tuesday? So Tuesday is Saturn is down Ok guys? So how do we see Saturday as down? So in the panchayat There will be one answer So from 11.00 to 12.00 You are down So what do you do? You have to confirm that you are down By 11.00 

Or 8 

Saturn Ok guys? So how much is the time? So 11.00 to 12.00 So what do you do in that time? 

0.06 

Ok guys? So what happens on 12.00? It goes down So same concept, in the second half The concept of Jupiter is shown So from 12.00 to 12.00 So what do we do? We can easily identify Ok, it goes up So from 12.00 to 12.00 You can easily do it If you take a call option above 12.00 So in this, how many points Do we have to do? How many points Like Saturn When we follow all the holes How many? So we have to do Minimum 30 points 

BN is Minimum 60 points Upside or down side So keep this So you can easily Do it If you take the data and move the market You have to give minimum 30 points Ok guys? I am telling already If the hole is 1 hour, it will be half an hour If it is full, it is trend based Ok guys? Already we are down We have xy down So it is like coming down So when Saturn comes And when it matches, we can do this Ok guys? So I have put the full graph You don't have to do the full prediction Ok guys? So these five rules Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday When you see the hole You can easily do the graph prediction And then you can easily Profit Ok guys? So you have to put the graph And you can use the golden rules You can easily Profit With this Ok guys? So now you have put the graph Timing is also good Now you have to put the graph And then the timing is good So you have to predict Now what are you doing You have put the market You are going straight You are taking the data 

Till the end, it is an every day selling opportunity. Do you understand? It is going up as we did in the second half. Do you understand? So when it is like that, you can profit only with this. It is going up. You didn't do anything. You just put a graph. It is going up. In this situation, ask if you can buy put offs and buy. So don't put a row chart regularly. When you feel like it, ask if you can buy put offs. So what you are doing is, tomorrow, how to see gap up gap down? How to push? No problem. Ask if you can buy put offs. If not, then you can't buy gap up gap down. Then why should we buy push? If yes, then it will be gap up. It will go up and down. It will go up and down. We need gap up gap down. If we want to go technically, everyone will win. So put gap up gap down. Then go to forex. You can take GPP, USD, whatever you want. You are just seeing. Wait a minute. I am going to investing.com. I didn't do any prediction. I am just giving. 

So, 

So, it is giving strong sell. If you are doing forex, GPP, USD or Euro USD. It is giving strong sell. Now if I sell this, I will ask if it is profit. In present. You can sell it. It is running 24 hours. Now if you want profit, you can sell it. You can sell it easily. So, if you want any script, you can do it in present. So, in Indian market, it is giving golden rules. You can do it with that. Normally, you can do it with a display node. What you have to do is, you are seeing in your horoscope, you are seeing in your horoscope, you are seeing in your horoscope, you are seeing in your horoscope, after seeing, you know something is coming. You are getting profit. After that, you are doing graph prediction. After that, you are putting pressure. It will filter you totally. Even if you do any mistake, the value for that is for you. So, you should go into a concept after patternizing. When you take a trade, you spend 10-15 minutes to see your product. So, for our business, we should put a lot of work and spend time. It is not wrong. Ok, put graph in the morning and night. Don't put it in the same time like a robot. When you feel like doing it, do it then. Ok, so this is the thing. Now, you are doing Euro USD. Why are you doing it? Because you have to do cryptocurrency. You don't have to do it. When you ask questions, you don't have to do it. Now, I think bitcoin will go in a different direction next year. If I put my first coin, will I get profit? If you ask me, will I get profit next year? You should ask questions clearly. You should not put position after asking questions for intraday. You should not put position after asking questions for intraday. Do you understand? If you put position after asking questions, you should put position. If you feel profit, you should put position. For long time. For short time, it is same. Ask if it is profit or not. Ask if you want to sell or buy. Ask questions clearly about intraday or position. Ask questions clearly and think about the number from 0 to 1 to 249. Only one is profitable. You will do it for 4-5 days. You will understand after a certain time. You will understand after a certain time. You will understand after a certain time. You will understand after a certain time. You will be satisfied. You will be satisfied. Market movement is good. You are seeing a small trend. OE is going up. Everyday is selling. Market is going down. Ask if it is profit. I have given concept. You can use this in multiple time. You can trade gap up gap down. It will be good if you do it for 5 days. If you do opening trade, it is ok. If you do stock trading, you can see the X Y. You can see the X Y. You can do it in stocks. You can do it in stocks. There are many varieties. You should profit. Don't miss it. Don't miss it. Ok. We are giving you maximum filter. I have given you all the content. Your work and discipline is the main. Don't do anything hastily. Don't do anything hastily. Put the press. We are doing it with permission. We have given you the knowledge to give graph. When we bring it like that, it will be more. Ok. This is the end of this video. In the coming days, you will also be profitable. You should do it well. I pray to God. 

You will do it well for upcoming days. I believe you will do it. All the best. 