Welcome to our channel. In this video, you have seen the last part 1 of the market graph. We have mentioned that there are 2-3 more parts in the video. This is part 2. In this video, you have seen a small recap of yesterday's video. You have seen the moon's star and its star's star. If you have any doubts, please check the video. We are going to see the same thing. We have mentioned that the first half is from 9.15 to 12.00. The second half is from 12.00 to 3.30. We are going to add the graph using that. So, now, what will happen if x1 and y1 are added? So, such things will happen. Now, how do we see this? Now, it is the same. Yesterday, we saw the star in the moon and its star. We saw the sun and sun. So, we will take two things. May 5th and May 25th. It has already happened. Now, we are going to see the chart. We will see both. Now, the star in the moon is the moon's star. Isn't it? Now, Mars is there. This is x. x is Mars. Where is the moon from? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. We have written 5. Then, it is clear. The star in the moon is Rahu. The star in the moon is Rahu. So, Rahu is also there. Where is Rahu? Where is Rahu from the moon? Here. 1, 2, 3, 4. Rahu is here. So, 4 is coming. So, this is x and y. You will add a graph. This is the first step. The second step is... We have x1 and y1. How to see it? The moon is Mars. So, we have to see where else Mars is. So, we have to see where else Mars is. So, we have to see where else Mars is. It is in Jupiter. When it is in Jupiter, Mars is there. So, what we have to take is... 

x1... 

Jupiter. 

We have to take it. Where else is it? We have to see if x2 is there. If Mars is there, there is no other place. So, this time... We have to take x1. So, we have to take x1. So, we have to take x1. We have to see if y1 is there. Now, what is y? Is there a Rahu? Y is there. Rahu is there. So, Rahu is... Let us see if there is another place. Rahu is in the place of Saturn. Is there any other place? There is no other place. So, it is automatically... Y will come. So... x1 is in Jupiter. Now, x1 will not work in that place. Now, x1 will not work in that place. So, the main rule we have to know is... So, the main rule we have to know is... 

Okay, let's go. Okay, let's go. 

Now, you should not forget about any values. You should not forget the x1 and y1 You should always highlight the x1 When x1 comes, x will not work When y1 comes, y will not work So when x1 comes, you should only see x1 When y1 comes, you should only see y1 You should forget x and y Finally, the prediction is x1 and y So x1 is calculated from moon and y is 1 So I will put 1 automatically So this is the prediction So if x1 and y1 come, the moon should be from that planet It might be confusing for you But if you want to confuse yourself See this is a small thing The moon should be from this This is something that happens at 5.30 in the morning So the moon will move and come this way I will teach you how to see it in the app So when the moon moves, it is 1 So when the moon moves, it is 1 So this is the prediction So we are going to take the prediction from the market So we are going to take the prediction from the market So Jupiter is 1 and Rahu is 4 So this is the bullies planet Jupiter and Rahu So both are bullies planets Sideways market is 4, 7 So in the second half, 4 is there and in the first half, 1 is there So 1 is the bullies planet So 1 is the bullies planet So the market is 

So the market is like this So the market is like this So the market is like this 

So this is the first half bullies, second half is sideways So this is the market So this is x1, y1 We will see the timing of bullies and bearers in the next part Now you need to know how to predict x1, y1 So for example, let's see the upcoming part So in this, we will see the same thing What we are going to see is What is the moon and moon's axis? Second is the other axis Let's see where else it will be So here, moon is here So moon and moon's axis is Rahu Straight Rahu is here Rahu and moon's axis is here So we need to see where else Rahu is First x1 is Rahu, y1 is moon So x1 is Rahu, where else is Rahu? So x1 is Jupiter So where else is y1 and moon? So here is Saturn So y1 is Saturn So we will predict x, y first Okay 

Rahu, y is moon So x1 is Jupiter y1 is Saturn So we need to see where Rahu is So x is Rahu We have found it here y is 3, y is 3 So if we see where else is Rahu in the star, it is here So it is here, Jupiter is here If we see where else is moon and moon, it is here Saturn is here So when you calculate from here Let's see how much is x1 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 is coming So in this place x1 is coming 9 Wait a minute 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 9 is coming If Saturn is coming here, 10 is coming Let's calculate 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 So 9 and 10 will come for this 

So 9 10 for this So finally what we are taking is We need to take only x1 and y1 So today prediction is We need to take x1 and y1 again So this is the market I mean the market of 25th is going to be like this So we need to take x1 and y1 again So today prediction is We need to take x1 and y1 again So today prediction is The market of 25th is going to be like this So let's see how to plot this graph So what is coming Guru is coming It's already sent, bullies are coming So 9 I wanted to show this as a very good example What is 2, 9? Angle What is a cone? So it is opposite So it is a thing that is totally opposite I am telling you the example So first of all, 9 is opposite Second of y1 Saturn 10 So what is Saturn 10? So it's a bearish planet So 10 is bullies So second half We will move it sideways and move it up Because this is a bearish planet There is a bullies house So what we need to do is Move it up and down That's what we need to understand Market is One minute 

So how is it going to be Market is 

So we said that we can't draw it properly See We will do second half 

How is it going to be So 

So continuous up move So how is it going to be opposite to this It should be like this That's the angle So what it will be like Automatically 

So when this kind of Day comes You should be very careful Because You can see how it is in the first half And do second half trade So when you are in that place You can do trading above 12 pm Because This is a bearish planet 10 is above half So you can change it to Full day consultation zone 

So in these days, if you get this angle You should be very careful And do the trade Carefully 

So in this place 

Now you can understand it So first half is opposite to second half So this angle Will be the angle market for the next move That is, before It will be opposite to the second half So to do the angle market In the second half If you get the angle, it will be opposite to the first half If you get it in the first half It will be opposite to the second half So when it is like that You should see this kind of thing And take it In these days, we should take entry above 12 pm 

So this is the first half So this is the first half So this is the first half So this is the first half So in the second half You can see the X1 Y1 You can see the X1 Y1 So I think you have got many doubts Because I am not calculating Because I am not calculating So you might have got doubts So watch the video twice So watch the video twice You will understand So keep this in mind Whenever the present gives us permission Only then we should go To the prediction If you do not do 5 or 8 Or if you go above the night Prediction is You can calculate it If you calculate 8, it will go wrong Or if you do 9 and 11 It will be like the first half It will be like the second half It will change in a number So you should do it carefully Be on time So, you can do the prediction On Saturdays and Sundays Do it on time You can do it on time On Saturdays and Sundays So if you do pulleys So if you do pulleys it will be bebeeris Okay It will come Why it will come? Because this is the Berries Planet Because this is the Berries Planet We cannot take profit from it So in such cases, we can put a presentation to show you the profit If it is a print, I will draw the market So I can put a code to show it as PPT So you can practice this You can do back test of what happened 10 days ago You can do back test of what happened 10 days ago You can do back test of what happened 10 days ago There is another part in this You have to finish it and apply it You have to apply it and then draw a graph If you draw a graph now, it will not be correct After finishing the video and you have the ability to draw a graph You can draw a graph and then take a back test to see the capabilities of the person who understood it So I am repeating The graph of the market is in your hand You know when you will get profit So you can trade and take profit You need patience You need not do anything without patience Mainly, we will analyze the horoscope and recall the final work After finishing it, you can enter After finishing it, you can enter If you buy a panjag you can buy it in any shop If you buy panjag, you can finish the graph for a year If you buy panjag, you can finish the graph for a year If you go to dow market you can buy nifty The rate of this is 70% You can do dow market with dow market You can do dow market Or you can put a question mark to see if it will be a bullies You can find all these in the question mark But this is what Chandranengar decided on that day These are the things that were created by the traditional horoscope I didn't make you understand these things like rocket science I have given you the information in the description I have given you the things that you can understand in a simple way If I give you the information of X, X1, day, daylark, day, day, you will not be able to understand We have seen XY yesterday and X1Y1 today If you watch two more parts of the video you will understand Finally, we will see how to put all together and do a prediction with an example chart When we get these things we need to be patient and calm Discipline I am repeating it again and again we can do it with technique or astrology We can't do it without discipline What does it say with discipline? If your horoscope, current and planetary position are in profit please don't try Leave it, it can only be done in the natural way If you are not able to do it you can check it but if you are not able to do it you will not be able to do it especially in the trading field You will lose and you will think that the super trend is going up If you want to test it you can do it one or two times It is not wrong You can test it as you wish Planet is not a lie It is a prediction If it is in the right field many people should accept it Before this you may have no hope in astrology I have told it with what I have heard When you do a prediction you will get respect Today you have seen X1, Y1 how to predict We have seen that Even if you have doubts you can clear it Don't get confused We will do it with understanding Okay? What you have seen today and what you have understood you will know only after seeing it See it in the early morning when you get time and see it freely I will send 2-3 charts for a workout I will send dates and send me the previous work out Not now After that Okay? See it in the next chapter We will see the next chapter fully Thank you 