Hello to all In this video we are going to see how to apply this to the market We have already seen how to apply this to the market Now we are going to see how to apply this to the market and how to take this in the market So as I have already said, this star is positive for the market First you add xy graph If you add x1, you add x1, if you add xy, you add xy You calculate the degree and add the graph Second you add the star and the second is the star Second you add the star and the second is the star If you go to play store, you will see the Astro soft If you click the panjagam option, you will see the horoscope I will explain how to apply this in the next video I will explain how to apply this in the next video First I will explain what is the application I will show you the PDF This is the application This is the application This is the application I have already explained the positive and negative points These are the positive points The enemy will be there The most negative is the red points The red points are the market red All these are positive and negative Powernami is good for the market Ammavasa is negative for the market Powernami is positive for the market Ammavasa is negative for the market I am explaining this to the market Second is the negative points The positive points are negative Saguni, Sataspadam, Nagakalam, Kinstunam are all negative The rest are positive Yogam is positive The most negative is the negative You have seen the stars, stars, yogam You have seen the positive points First you have to explain the positive and negative points I will explain how to apply this in the next video I will explain how to apply this in the next video I will show you the PDF on whatsapp You can use this daily Don't waste time Let's PAPI 

Let's PAPI The main thing for astrologis 

Bank Nifty is only in Nifty's share. Bank Nifty and Nifty are the same. For example, if you take May 28, Nifty is strong and Bank Nifty is weak. In such cases, you should not apply Bank Nifty. Otherwise, you can apply Bank Nifty. So if you have any variation in that, you can trade with Bank Nifty. If Nifty goes one side and Bank Nifty goes the other side, you trade with Nifty. Because Nifty is the first economic trade. Bank Nifty goes one side and Nifty goes the other side. So try Nifty. If Nifty and Bank Nifty are the same, you can try both. At most, Bank Nifty will go up. If there is any divergence in the global queues, you can close your eyes and go to Nifty. If you follow the same market from morning, you can go to Nifty. Secondly, Venus Orya. In the case of Venus Orya, it will happen unexpectedly. For example, Mercury Orya went up at 10 o'clock. If Venus Orya comes at 12.30 and comes at 12.30, it will happen unexpectedly. It will happen opposite to what is going on. If it goes up, it will come down. So you should not trade at that time. If Venus Orya comes down at 12.30, you can buy a put-up sun after it goes down. So Venus Orya will happen unexpectedly on Friday. Tuesday is the day of Mars. Saturn Orya will definitely come down. You can buy a put-up sun on Saturday. You can sell futures. It will take an hour to come down. The time limit is 45 minutes. It will not take an hour. Understand the time limit. You should do it before it. If the market starts to rise at 11.45, you should not stop at 11.40. You should do it in the morning. You should do it before it. It will take an hour to complete the application. You should do it before it. If you do it early, you will miss some time. So before you do it, you should do it before Saturn Orya comes down. Second is that Hora is down. So Saturn Orya plus Uttarada Natchathram will down the market. The market will be down. You can expect 100 points on Nifty on Saturday. You can expect 300-400 points on Bank Nifty. I have put a red mark for this. If Saturn Orya comes down, you will get 40-50 points on Nifty. You will get 100 points on Bank Nifty. If you take this method, you can get 70-80 points. If you go to Nifty, you can get 30 points. If Saturn Orya comes down, you will get very negative points. This is the rule on Tuesday. Wednesday is the day of Mercury. Venus Orya should rise. It is up. If Saturn is positive, it is 100% up. If Saturn is normal, it is 75% up. If you take this method, you will get 75% up. If Saturn is positive, it is 100% up. If Saturn is normal, it is 75% up. If Saturn is normal, it is 75% up. You don't get maximum rule on maison up on donate on Tuesday. The person on Tuesday appears positive. If Venus is positive, the market is positive. 

If Jupiter is positive, it's the gods forney. If Rupadapadi is positive, the market is positive. If Jupiter is good, i'm be telling that same earlier. We only have bulled if können thanks to that. You'll understand very easily the difference between the x- viral and the x- viral Same thing with the side vases You can understand even if I give you combination for a errors 

Okay regarding the next video 

How are you my son? where are you going so early? Friday is the same, day lot is Venus, Mercury is the same, market is same You can close your eyes and do it, nothing has changed in that You can easily do it by sitting and doing it Friday Mercury is the same, see the time, is it coming at 2pm or what time it starts This is the 5 days, the general rule is, see the time when the market opens If it is Saturday or Sunday at 9am, the maximum time should be below If it is Saturday or Sunday at 9am, the maximum time should be below After that, if the market opens and it is Saturday or Sunday, it will recover 30 points in Nifty and 80 points above in Bank Nifty You will get minimum points for each of these rules You will get minimum points for each of these rules This is a very important rule You should add the timing by adding the chart This is the timing, you saw how to add overview, how to add x1 y1, how to calculate the degree and how to add it correctly When you follow these golden rules, you can take the entire market Secondly, you can profit without using graphs For example, if you see the time when the market opens, you can do it If you see the data, if you see the technical, it is above the confirmation You can easily do it You can easily conclude the 5 days rule and take it to the graph If you want to see the graph now, download it Many people have asked how to see the moon, how to see the punctuation, lockdown, etc If you download it, you will see the clarity of the moon The time of the moon, the time of bad time, everything is there Download this app In the next video, I will explain how to use this app and how to see everything I will do whatsapp for this PDF It will be easy for you to see everything You will understand it easily In the next video, we will see how to do the app Finally, we will do a graph prediction There will be two sessions I will tell you how to use this app In the next session, I will tell you how to do the graph prediction Thank you 