Hello everyone, today we are going to see the introduction of Tithi Karna Yoga and the doubt in X-Y and X-1-Y1. After clearing this, we will go to the next session. Many of you have doubts about the calculation of the degree from the moon. Secondly, you can ask in English. So, I have sent the stocks in English. Now, let us go through the calculation of the degree. Now, in X-Y, the moon is 3.5 times the sun. So, we will take the sun. So, the sun is 12 degrees. If this is 12 degrees, you can easily take 12 degrees for the one behind. What concept do you want to do? 

Imagine that the moon is 29 degrees. Now, you can see the 29 degree. So, we take 1 and take 2. So, from 29 degrees to the next 29 degrees, we should take 1. So, 29 into this line, 29 is 1. So, 29 to the next 29 degrees, you should take 1. Do you understand? From this 29 degrees to this 29 degrees, 1 house. From this 29 to this 29, 2. From this 29 to this 29, 3. So, from here, 29 is this edge. So, we can take 3. From here, 4. From here, 5. From here, 6. From here, 7. From here, 8. From here, 9. From here, 10. From here, 11. From here, 29 degrees, the sun is here. So, 12 degrees is the concept. Ok? There is nothing to calculate the degree. From that degree, we can calculate it. From this 29 to this 29 degrees. For example, if you look at Jupiter and moon, you will see that there are 3 degrees in the sky. If you look at Jupiter, there are 3 degrees in the sky. If you look at Jupiter, there are 3 degrees in the sky. Sometimes, when you calculate 1, 2, 3, it will come out as 1. When you calculate 1 or 2 degrees, if you put 6 in 5, it will become a bullish. If you put 5 in 6, it will become a bearish. If you put 2 in 6, it will become a bullish. If you put 5 in 8, it will become a bearish. So, from this degree, calculate 1. From this degree, calculate 1. From this degree, calculate 1. From this degree, calculate 1. This is very important. If I don't tell you the degree in advance, you will get confused. So, taking both x and y inside the map will be difficult. Then it will be easy to understand. Then it will be easy to understand. Now we are calculating the degree. Next, we will look at the degree and calculate it. After that, only when we look at the bullish and bearish, we will understand the whole graph. The second thing is, I hope you are clear now. The degree in which it is written, it will be written only if you calculate the next degree. The next degree will be calculated only if you calculate it. Wait a minute. I will just do one thing in general. 

Okay, if I say that now, it will be difficult. Let's see that. Now, next is the average. 

You have seen the calculation of the degree. 

Now, it is the day. Monday is 3. 

Tuesday is Mars. 

Friday is Venus. 

So, you can keep all these concepts. There is something in this. 

You have kept Monday. In the place where you have kept Monday, Monday is 3, Tuesday is Mars, Wednesday is Mercury, Thursday is Jupiter, Friday is Venus, Saturday is Saturday, Sunday is Sun. Okay? Saturday is Saturday, Sunday is Sun. Okay? Saturday and Sunday are not in the market. So, don't worry. Whatever comes to us, don't worry. Now, if you see here, Monday, Okay? If the moon comes in X, R, Y, Okay? If you show B-Risk in this, the bullies will die. So, keep this in mind. Now, Monday, For example, Today is Venus Day. So, if Mercury comes in X and Y, the bullies will die. Okay? If on that day, X1 and Y1 comes, If the moon comes in X and Y, you shouldn't take that. If the day and the day are combined, then bullies. If X and Y come, Day and the day will work. Okay? Day and the day will work. 

No, Day, Day, Lord. If X1 and Y1 come on that day, and the moon comes on that day, it won't work. If it comes in X and Y, then accept the rules of Day and Lord. If you do it on Tuesday, X is Mars, and if X1 is not there, then bullies will die. Okay? Don't forget this. These are the rules. First, we have to calculate the degree. From this degree to that degree, from 29 to 29 degree, that is the only one house. If there is 17, from 17 to 17, 0 to 30 degree. You have to put the code with your hand. It will be easy at first, then you will identify it. Second, the Day and Lord rule. Day and Lord rule. You have given Day and Lord. Wednesday is Mercury. If Mercury comes in X and Y, then bullies. If Day and Lord rule is applicable, recently, in the past, when bullies came on Friday, Day and Lord was Venus. If Venus comes in Y and Y, then bullies, heavy rally. That is another reason for that rally. But you should not forget the concept of bullies. If it comes in X and Y, Wednesday, Monday, if bullies come in X and Y, bullies should not be taken. Because the concept will go to the next stage. If bullies come in X and Y, you have to apply the Day and Lord rule. The other ways, you should not apply the Day and Lord rule. You have to add a rule when bullies come in X and Y. Third, 

Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, you have to apply an overview, you have to apply the Day and Lord rule, you have to calculate the degree, and then you have to see how the overview is, how to apply it to the market, we will see in the next class. Now, there are the steps. There are the steps of Nath, Pradhamai, Shasti, Ega Adhasi, where to see all these, we will see all these. Now, you have to know what I am saying. Nath, Bhattara, Jayat, Ritha, Poornath, there are three steps. The explanation for this is the same. Make the Naths, Bhattaras, Jayat, Rithas, Poornaths, and Kalippails, make the Bhattaras and Jayat, all the Jaya Thedhis and make the Ritha Thedhis, all the Poornaths and the Naths, so, the positive and negative in this is, for a good positive market, Jayat, the good negative is, the Ritha, the others are all neutral. 

This is a very important point. Second is Yogam. Yogam has negative and positive effects. For example, today we can take the disease. Yogam has 11-11 effects. That is why the market is negative. Beyond 11-11, there is varian and subam. That is why the market is a little bit like this. Let us see how to position the whole combination. The more negative effects will definitely affect the market. I will tell you how to position it. Generally, if we do it with this concept, everyone will do it. So, we have to see a combination. Second is Karnam. Nachathiram, Tithi, Yogam and Karnam. We have seen Tithi and Yogam. In the last 4 Karnams, the market is negative. The first 7 are positive. Similarly, in the nachathiram, there are Kedha, Aswini, Magammoolam, Chandranna, Rogi, Stam, Thiruvanam, Guru, Punarpusam, Visagam, Protasi. So, I have given it for that. Kedha, Aandu, Sunny. If Saturn comes, the market is very negative. Venus, Moon, Mercury will be positive. If Jupiter comes, it will happen for real. In current situation, if it is corona, it will be negative. Sometimes you might think that it will not happen that day. Then, the picture of Jupiter and Guru has come. Next is Mars, Savai. In the case of Mars, 60% negative and 40% positive. We can decide it with this combination. Ragh, finally. Whatever happens, it will happen. Bullies will be very big. Berries will be full of berries. So, this is the nature of the nachathiram. So, we should take positive and negative in Tithi, nachathiram, Karnam, Yogam. And, we should do something with the final x and y. Then, we can determine the direction of the market. Secondly, we can see how to bring the graph with the timing. We will see it in the next two sessions. So, for now, I have sent the stocks in English. So, see what is the degree calculation. After two sessions, I will send you the work out. If you have doubts, we can go to the next two sessions. If you have doubts, we can clear it. If we go live, we can see you twice. It is simple. Don't complicate it. There are 29. From this 29, we should take 1. From this 29, we should take 2. From this 29, we should take 3. From this 29, we should take 4. From this 29, we should take 5. From this 29, we should take 6. It is very simple. For a single line, 30 degrees. You know it very well. From here, we can take a line of 30 degrees. From this 29, we can take a line of 3. Secondly, you will know about the timing. Why we should see it in the market. I have given you the positive and negative. It will be very easy. I will share the PDF records and materials. If you finish the graph, it will be easier. That's why we have done this. I think you understand this. Just calculate the degree. Don't forget the Daylight rule. If Daylight comes in X1Y1, it will not be applicable. It will not be bullies. Ok. See you in the next session. Thank you. 