Hello Everyone This video is a Recall and Doubt Session We will discuss about this First, we will discuss about the main concept X,Y, Y1, Y1 Pop-up, Dithi, Karnam, Yogam When we apply all these, we will get some doubts Once we clear this, you can easily do anything First, we will discuss about the doubts Then we will discuss about the other concepts We will discuss about the example chart Second, we will discuss about the Recall After one month, you will have learned the whole concept We will discuss about the Recall First, we will discuss about the horoscope In the horoscope, we will discuss about the 5, 8, 9, 2, 6, 11 You will get the idea that you should not try this Only after we clear the question, we will do the trade We will do the entry and exit with this That is the main thing Only if we clear the question, we can go If I am going in the 8th, I will not give the prediction I will not give the advance chart Even if you ask for the advance chart, you will not get the trade According to the concept, only if you go, you can win That is why long and short term investors win Only intraday players lose This is a small reason So, everyone who uses the horoscope will know We are going to follow this We have seen the present, your horoscope We have seen the basic things like 50 planets for 50 stocks I have given a small example to use the present for this I have given the explanation for 12 parts If you don't want that, don't worry We will give preference to financial astrology What are the other doubts? Can you know which day I can trade monthly? You can know for sure If you change the date of the astro stage app, you can identify the moon It will be in 2.5 days You can buy a panchangam It will be in a panchangam for a year You can buy it online in Amazon It will be in the app When Amazon is in lockdown, go to the app Astro stage, astro soft, astro navin There are many soft ones You can see where the moon is in the panchangam For example, if you are in the maserasi, you can trade in the 12th position It will be in the panchangam for 2.5 days You can take a note May 1st, June 1st, Panchangam or the app May 1st, moon is here May 2nd, moon is here May 4th, what are the good days and bad days? You can do it directly on that day For example, we are looking at the stocks We will see how the stocks will come and how the prediction will be When you look at the stocks, you can automatically put a prediction If you have stocks for one week, you can take it on that day But, you should avoid it Put a prediction on the good days If it is like taking it on that day, don't worry If you have bad days, you should not put a prediction These are the basic things If you have a good day, you should avoid it If you have a bad day, you cannot profit You cannot do anything beyond your natural self That is the concept If you are standing in one place for 8 hours We should look at the planet Mars is very strong So, the planet is high For some people, it is low This will be a general topic You will get confused First, you should focus on the Horoscope You should look at the Horoscope If you want to see the previous one, you can use the app Or you can see the panchayat You will know how long you will trade for the previous one You can trade on that day You can put a prediction on that day If you put a prediction and put a position for a long time Don't worry, if it comes in between, it will come You can see the market or not If it is during lockdown, you can stay at home You can take entry Because you will put a prediction on the market You will be going to the market If you do not have a display, you cannot go to the track You will know when is the right time You can analyze the horoscope and put a prediction Then you can go to the track Now, X Y You will know how to see the moon You can see it in the panchayat or in the app If you see the horoscope, you can put a prediction Then you can go to the track Now, what is X Y? Why we have taken X Y? Market paper will split into two parts First half and second half For commodity, first half is 4.5 Second half is 4.5 to 11.5 You should take such things If you take 4X, it will take 24 hours Then you can take 12 hours automatically So, half and half concept will be there So, we take X Y I have given the planet in Tamil I have given it So, in this Moon, moon Why I have taken this? If you ask I have already told you Moon is the one that determines the state of mind of all So, if we see the moon We can do it based on that If you tell people's mind to be scared You will do it with your mind That's why we take it We do planet prediction with the moon Now, we see who is in the moon's star Nothing is there You are always taking panchayat When you take it Don't see the outside See the moon's star Saturn is here That is the Sun X is the Sun We should see the Sun's star What is the Sun's star? See where is the Sun 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 Okay? Now, Sun is in 11 Where is the Sun's star? It is in the Sun Okay? Do you see the Sun? You can see it clearly This is X and this is Y That is the Moon's star is X Who is in the Sun's star? That is Y I hope you understood it I will tell you clearly Moon's star is X And its star is Y Okay? Now, what is the Moon's star? Saturn's star is X See where is it? It is here Who is in the Sun's star? Sun Sun is Sun I have given the reference for the example on the right side See if you have English Next, I will show you how to see Tamil with Tamil Pancha Okay? So, this is the English and Tamil So, what is X? Moon's star is Saturn 

First, Moon is the key planet for us X is Saturn Y is Sun Okay? Now, you know how to calculate this How to calculate this is Both of them are from the Moon So, you can calculate the two So, you can calculate the two So, you can calculate the two So, you can calculate the two So, you can calculate the two Both of them are from the Moon Okay? So, 1, 2, 3 You can calculate the two Okay? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 Are you in 11? Generally, you can calculate 11 But, what you have to see is You have to see this degree Because, it is in 2nd and 4th day So, 14 degree from this side to this side is 1 Here, 2 Here, 3 Here, 4 Here, 5 Here, 6 Here, 7 Here, 8 Here, 9 Here, 8, 9 It is exactly within 14 It is exactly within 14 Then, 10 Then, Saturn is 

It is in 10 degree 

It is in 10th star Okay? So, calculate from this degree It is 30 degree for this half star 15 in this, 15 in this, 1 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 Okay? So, for X, it is 10 Saturn is in 10 Because, it has to be calculated from the moon Okay? So, it is 10 Y, Sun It is the same same star It is also 10 Okay? Because, there is only 1 degree difference for Saturn 10 So, why I am taking this previous one You have requested me So, tell us the previous one brother That is why you asked us to do it easily So, previous one Because, you understood the previous one only by saying upcoming We will see many examples We will definitely see the examples I will give you to do the work out So, this is the matter Okay? So, you have done the X-Y prediction Same thing The moon is in the star Where is the star? That is all Now, Saturn is there So, you have taken Saturn Here, there is Raga Here, there is Raga What is the time of Raga? Raga will become X Y will become Mars That is, Sevai Do you understand? So, you have to take X like this Simple thing The moon is in the star That is X The star is Y Do you understand? Okay? You have done this What is the same concept after this? 

So, Saturn is Vagram The bearish planet Okay? Saturn is the bearish planet Sun is the sideways planet Okay? So, the bullies are 10 See what the numbers are Number 10 

I am writing this so that you can understand Saturn is the bearish planet 

Sun is the sideways planet 

Okay? But, if you see here Number 10 is there 10th indicates bullies 

You can understand why they are saying that Why 10th? 

10th indicates bullies 

Okay? 10th indicates why they are saying bullies You can understand that Wait 

That is Upajaya Vedu Upajaya Vedu means bullies This number is bullies But, the planet will go up Okay? This is why we have bullies There is a bearish planet But, it will go up How it will go? It will go up like a slight slope Second half sideways So, it is called upside-wise market First half is up move only But, it will not go up to a big level Because, the bearish planet Saturn will make it go up Okay? So, you can put the market prediction now You know it 

Okay? So, it may sound bikey-bikey This is the first half of the concept. Second half is the concept. This is the market. This is the market. 

This is the market. This is the market. Now, let's see how to create a market. Let's see how to create a market. For stocks, Saturn is X, Y is Sun. 

This is the stock. Look at the productivity indicators for Sen pasar of Mega and Retro. Look at the productivity indicators for Sen premises. Look at the productivity indicators at the market. This is the power 911. This is the base from the production line. All start up with YGT-C 오래o 10L' This is the table where the keeping игра is created YMGAr 2 monplier de 10 council Y about 3 se Johannes But overall you can see the market up This concept is what you should see today Market bullies are known, there are bullies on both sides If you buy call ops here, you can book and go You can do what you know now But we can't do anything yet, I will ask you to do it after the graph is complete This is the concept for this I have already explained it in an example Stocks, saturn, sun Now we will do the intraday prediction Sunny, sun We should see what stocks are there So see the 50 stocks Sunny plus budhan, we should not take it So this is guru plus budhan So you don't have to go for all these Sunny plus chandran, we should not take it So sun, call india, saturn So x is saturn, bullies are showing So you go and check call india If you check it here, the video length will be bigger So check call india Bullies are there Sun Sun is there because of reliance See that also, bullies 

See this, vedal, vadl, take these stocks You should see bullies You should see bullies When you see bullies, you should understand the concept You should not trade nifty or bang nifty You should go boldly So in good days, you should not trade like this Put a pressure In one month, you can easily make 2 lakhs, 3 lakhs, 5 lakhs You should do the same thing Follow the days and keep up Ok In the presentation, you have seen The moon and the moon are equal Moon is equal to x Its equal to y See clearly, I will explain again x is equal to 3 Its equal to x, saturn is equal to y Ok, this is the concept You can see the market If you do this, you can easily make a market graph But you can not make a graph There are two or three parts You will get x1, y1, retro planet They asked what is that So you will get it in this So you will get it in the next video So you can see the timing Even if it is a moment, it will come down So we will see how it is in the timing We will see in this video So I think you can understand it well I think I have covered everything If you have any doubts, you can tell me If you have any common doubts, we can take the session Ok 